[Doc] Add know JEXL limitation based on attributes names (#4571)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/orion-api.md

- The unitary minus operator is not working properly, e.g. the following expression doesn't work (it failsafes to `null`): `A||-1`. However, the following alternatives are working: `A||0-1` and `A||'-1'|parseInt)`
- Negation operator `!` (supported in original JavaScript JEXL) is not supported

> - Attributes names using JEXL operators (I.E: `:` or `-`) may lead to undesired expression results. For example, an atribute named `temperature-1`, when you use it as part of an expression, it would be the result uf substracting 1 to the value of the attribute `temperature`, if it is defined, or `null`, if the attribute `temperature` doesn't exist. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attributes names and entity identifieres using JEXL operators (eg. `:` or `-`) may lead to undesired expression results. For example, an atribute named `temperature-basic`, when you use it as part of an expression, it would be the result of substracting the value of the atribute `basic` to the value of the attribute `temperature` (or `null`, if `temperature` or `basic` don't exist) instead the value of the atribute `temperature-basic`.
```
